Isaiah 53:3-8
  3 He is despised and rejected by men,
    A Man of sorrows and acquainted with grief.
    And we hid, as it were, our faces from Him;
    He was despised, and we did not esteem Him.
  4 Surely He has borne our griefs
    And carried our sorrows;
    Yet we esteemed Him stricken,
    Smitten by God, and afflicted.
  5 But He was wounded for our transgressions,
    He was bruised for our iniquities;
    The chastisement for our peace was upon Him,
    And by His stripes we are healed.
  6 All we like sheep have gone astray;
    We have turned, every one, to his own way;
    And the LORD has laid on Him the iniquity of us all.
  7 He was oppressed and He was afflicted,
    Yet He opened not His mouth;
    He was led as a lamb to the slaughter,
    And as a sheep before its shearers is silent,
    So He opened not His mouth.
  8 He was taken from prison and from judgement,
    And who will declare His generation?
    For He was cut off from the land of the living;
    For the transgressions of My people He was stricken.


Acts 2:36-39
  36 "Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly
      that God has made this Jesus, whom you crucified,
      both LORD and Christ."
  37 Now when they heard this, they were cut to the heart,
    and said to Peter and the rest of the apostles,
    "Men and brethren, what shall we do?"
  38 Then Peter said to them,
    "Repent, and let every one of you be baptized
    in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins;
    and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.
  39 For the promise is to you and to your children,
    and to all who are afar off,
    as many as the LORD our God will call."


Colossians 2:12-14
  11 In Him you were also circumcised with the circumcision made without hands,
    by putting off the body of the sins of the flesh,
    by the circumcision of Christ,

  12 buried with Him in baptism, 
    in which you also were raised with Him through faith in the working of God,
    who raised Him from the dead.
  13 And you, being dead in your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh,
    He has made alive together with Him,
    having forgiven you all trespasses,
  14 having wiped out the handwriting of requirements that was against us,
    which was contrary to us.
    And He has taken it out of the way,
    having nailed it to the cross.


Matthew 3:13-17
  13 Then Jesus came from Galilee to John at the Jordan
    to be baptized by him.
  14 And John tried to prevent Him, saying,
    "I need to be baptized by You, and are You coming to me?"
  15 But Jesus answered and said to him,
    << Permit it to be so now,
      for thus it is fitting for us to fulfill all righteousness. >>
    Then he allowed him.
  16 When He had been baptized,
    Jesus came up immediately from the water;
    and behold, the heavens were opened to Him,
    and He saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove and alighting upon Him.
  17 And suddenly a voice came from heaven, saying,
    "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."


Romans 6:3-4
  3 Or do you not know that as many of us as were baptized into Christ Jesus 
    were baptized into His death?
  4 Therefore we were buried with Him through baptism into death,
    that just as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father,
    even so we also should walk in newness of life.

Romans 8:1
  1 There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus,
    who do not walk according to the flesh,
    but according to the Spirit
- 8:11-13
  11 But if the Spirit of Him who raised Jesus from the dead dwells in you,
    He who raised Christ from the dead will also 
    give life to your mortal bodies through His Spirit who dwells in you
  12 Therefore, brethren, we are debtors
    - not to the flesh, to live according to the flesh.
    For if you live according to the flesh
    you will die;
    but if by the Spirit you put to death the deeds of the body,
    you will live.


  2 For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus
    has made me free from the law of sin and death.
  3 For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh,
    God did by sending His own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh,
  4 that the righteous requirement of the law might be fulfilled in us who
    do not walk according to the flesh but according to the Spirit
  5 For those who live according to the flesh
    set their minds on the things of the flesh,
    but those who live according to the Spirit,
    the things of the Spirit. 
  6 For to be carnally minded is death,
    but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.
  7 Because the carnal mind is enmity against God;
    for it is not subject to the law of God,
    nor indeed can be.
  8 So then, those who are in the flesh cannot please God.
    

Romans 6:23
  23 For the wages of sin is death,
    but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our LORD.


1 Peter 3:20-21
  18 For Christ also suffered once for sins,
    the just for the unjust,
    that He might bring us to God, 
    being put to death in the flesh but made alive by the Spirit,
  19 by whom also He went and preached to the spirits in prison,
  
  20 who formerly were disobedient, 
    when once the Divine longsuffering waited in the days of Noah,
    while the ark was being prepared,
    in which a few, that is, eight souls, were saved through water.
  21 There is also an antitype which now saves us
    - baptism 
      (not the removal of the filth of the flesh,
      but the answer of a good conscience toward God),
    through the resurrection of Jesus Christ,

  22 who has gone into heaven and is at the right hand of God,
    angels and authorities and powers having been made subject to Him.


Matthew 28:16-20
  16 Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, 
    to the mountain which Jesus had appointed for them.
  17 When they saw Him, they worshipped Him;
    but some doubted.
  18 And Jesus came and spoke to them, saying,
    << All authority has been given to Me in heaven and on earth.
  19  Go therefore and make disciples of all the nations,
      baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,
  20  teaching them to observe all things that I have commanded you;
      and lo, I am with you always,
      even to the end of the age >>
    Amen. 

////
Romans 6:1-7
  1 What shall we say then?
    Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound?
  2 Certainly not!
    How shall we who died to sin live any longer in it?
  3 Or do you not know that as many of us were baptized into Christ Jesus
    were baptized into His death?
  4 Therefore we were buried with Him through baptism into death,
    that just as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father,
    even so we also should walk in newness of life.
  5 For if we have been united together in the likeness of His death,
    certainly we also shall be in the likeness of His resurrection,
  6 knowing this,
    that our old man was crucified with Him,
    that the body of sin might be done away with,
    that we should no longer be slaves of sin.
  7 For he who has died has been freed from sin.

  8 Now if we died with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with Him,
  9 knowing that Christ, having been raised from the dead, dies no more.
    Death no longer has dominion over Him.
  10 For the death that He died, 
    He died to sin once for all;
    but the life that He lives,
    He lives to God.
  11 Likewise you also, reckon yourselves to be dead indeed to sin,
    but alive to God in Christ Jesus our LORD.

  12 Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body,
    that you should obey it in its lusts.
  13 And do not present your members as instruments of unrighteousness to sin,
    but present yourselves to God as being alive from the dead,
    and your members as instruments of righteousness to God.
  14 For sin shall not have dominion over you,
    for you are not under law
    but under grace.
