1 Peter 1:18-21
  18 knowing that you were not redeemed with corruptible things,
    like silver or gold, from aimless conduct received by tradition from your fathers,
  19 but with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot.
  20 He indeed was foreordained before the foundation of the world,
    but was manifest in these last times for you
  21 who through Him believe in God, who raised Him from the dead and gave Him glory,
    so that your faith and hope are in God.

Philippians 2:5-8
  5 Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus,
  6 who, being in the form of God, did not consider it robbery to be equal with God,
  7 but made Himself of no reputation, taking the form of a bondservant, and coming in the likeness of men.
  8 And being found in appearance as a man, He humbled Himself and became obedient to the point of death,
    even the death of the cross.

// Emotional
Matthew 26:36-39
  36 Then Jesus came with them to a place called Gethsemane, and said to the disciples,
    << Sit here while I go and pray over there >>
  37 And He took with Him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and He began to be sorrowful and deeply distressed.
  38 Then He said to them, 
    << My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even to death. Stay here and watch with Me. >>
  39 He went a little farther and fell on His face, and prayed, saying,
    << O My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from Me;
      nevertheless, not as I will, but as You will. >>
- 47-50
  47 And while He was still speaking, behold, Judas, one of the twelve,
    with a great multitude with swords and clubs, 
    came from the chief priests and elders of the people.
  48 Immediately he went up to Jesus and said,
    "Greetings, Rabbi!" 
    and kissed Him.
  50 But Jesus said to him,
    << Friend, why have you come? >>
    Then they came and laid hands on Jesus and took Him.
- 56
  56 << But all this was done that the Scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled >>

- 69-75
  69 Now Peter sat outside in the courtyard.
    And a servant girl came to him, saying,
    "You also were with Jesus of Galilee."
  70 But he denied it before them all, saying,
    "I do not know what you are saying."
  71 And when he had gone out to the gateway,
    another girl saw him and said to those who were there,
    "This fellow also was with Jesus of Nazareth"
  72 But again he denied with an oath,
    "I do not know the Man!"
  73 And a little later those who stood by came up and said to Peter,
    "Surely you also are one of them, for your speech betrays you."
  74 Then he began to curse and swear, saying,
    "I do not know the Man!"
    Immediately a rooster crowded.
  75 And Peter remembered the word of Jesus who had said to him,
    << Before the rooster crows, you will deny Me three times. >>
    So he went out and wept bitterly.

// Physical
Matthew 27:26-44

// Spiritual
Matthew 27:45-46
  45 Now from the sixth hour until the ninth hour 
    there was darkness over all the land.
  46 And about the ninth hour Jesus cried out with a loud voice, saying,
    << Eli, Eli, lama sabachtani? >>
    that is,
    << My God, My God, why have You forsaken Me? >>
- 27:50
  50 And Jesus cried out again with a loud voice, and yielded up His spirit.
[Ref 1 Peter 2:24 below]

/ Resurrection
Matthew 28:1-7
  1 Now after the Sabbath, as the first day of the week began to dawn,
    Mary Magdalene and the other Mary came to see the tomb.
  2 And behold, there was a great earthquake; 
    for an angel of the LORD descended from heaven,
    and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat on it.
  3 His countenance was like lightning, and his clothing as white as snow.
  4 And the guards shook for fear of him, and became like dead men.
  5 But the angel answered and said to the women,
    "Do not be afraid, for I know that you seek Jesus who was crucified.
  6  He is not here; for He is risen, as He said.
    Come, see the place where the LORD lay.
  7  And go quickly and tell His disciples that He is risen from the dead,
    and indeed He is going before you into Galilee; there you will Him.
    Behold, I have told you."

  8 So they went out quickly from the tomb with fear and great joy,
    and ran to bring His disciples word.

1 Peter 2:21-25
  21 For to this you were called,
    because Christ also suffered for us, 
    leaving us an example, that you should follow His steps:
  22 "Who committed no sin,
      Nor was deceit found in His mouth";
  23 who, when He was reviled, did not revile in return;
    when He suffered, He did not threaten,
    but committed Himself to Him who judges righteously;
  24 who Himself bore our sins in His own body on the tree,
    that we, having died to sins, might live for righteousness
    - by whose stripes you were healed.
  25 For you were like sheep going astray,
    but have now returned to the Shepherd and Overseer of your souls.

- 2:24
  24 who Himself bore our sins in His own body on the tree,
    that we, having died to sins, might live for righteousness
    - by whose stripes you were healed.


2 Corinthians 5:14-15
  14 For the love of Christ compels us,
    because we judge thus:
    that if One died for all, then all died;
  15 and He died for all, 
    that those who live should live no longer for themselves,
    but for Him who died for them and rose again.

