John 12:47-49
    <<...  
  47 And if anyone hears My words and does not believe,
    I do not judge him;
    for I did not come to judge the world
    but to save the world.
  48 He who rejects Me,
    and does not receive My words,
    has that which judges him
    - the word that I have spoken will judge him in the last day.
  49 For I have not spoken on My own authority;
    but the Father who sent Me gave Me 
    a command,
    what I should say 
    and what I should speak.

  50 And I know that His command is everlasting life.
    Therefore, whatever I speak, just as the Father has told Me,
    so I speak. >>


John 8:30-32
  - Believe -> ~~~ Know ? ~~~~ -> Faithful / Loyal -> Disciple -> Truth -> Freedom

  30 As He spoke these words, many believed in Him.
  31 Then Jesus said to those Jews who believed Him,
    << If you abide in My Word,
      you are My disciples indeed.
  32  And you shall know the truth,
      and the truth shall make you free. >>


John 20:30
  - Faith and lifestyle change

  30 And truly Jesus did many other signs in the presence of His disciples,
    which are not written in this book;
  31 but these are written that you may believe that Jesus is
    the Christ, the Son of God,
    and that believing you may have life in His name

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

John 1:1-18
  1 In the beginning was the Word,
    and the Word was with God,
    and the Word was God.
  2 He was in the beginning with God.
  3 All things were made through Him,
    and without Him nothing was made that was made.
  4 In Him was life, and the life was the light of men.
  5 And the light shines in the darkness,
    and the darkness did not comprehend it.

  6 There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.
  7 This man came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light,
    that all through him might believe.
  8 He was not that Light, 
    but was sent to bear witness of that Light.
  9 That was the true Light which gives light to every man coming into the world.
  10 He was in the world, 
    and the world was made through Him,
    and the world did not know Him.
  11 He came to His own, and His own did not receive Him.
  12 But as many as received Him, 
    to them He gave the right to become children of God,
    to those who believe in His name:
  13 who were born, 
      not of blood, 
      nor of the will of the flesh,
      nor of the will of man, 
    but of God.

  14 And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us,
    and we beheld His glory,
    the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,
    full of grace and truth.
  15 John bore witness of Him and cried out, saying,
    "This was He of whom I said,
    'He who comes after me is preferred before me,
    for He was before me.' "
  16 And of His fullness we have all received,
    and grace for grace.
  17 For the law was given through Moses,
    but grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
  18 No one has seen God at any time.
    The only begotten Son, who is in the bossom of the Father,
    He has declared Him.

