1 Peter 2:21-24
  21 For to this you were called,
    because Christ also suffered for us,
    leaving us an example, that you should follow His steps:
  22 "Who committed no sin,
      Nor was deceit found in His mouth";
  23 who, when He was reviled, did not revile in return;
    when He suffered, He did not threaten, 
    but committed Himself to Him who judges righteously;
  24 who Himself bore our sins in His own body on the tree,
    that we, having died to sins, might live for righteousness
    - by whose stripes you were healed.


Acts 2:36-41
  36 "Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly
      that God has made this Jesus, whom you crucified,
      both LORD and Christ."
  37 Now when they heard this, they were cut to the heart,
    and said to Peter and the rest of the apostles,
    "Men and brethren, what shall we do?"
  38 Then Peter said to them,
    "Repent, and let every one of you be baptized 
    in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins;
    and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.
  39 For the promise is to you and to your children,
    and to all who are afar off,
    as many as the LORD our God will call."
  40 And with many other words he testified and exhorted them, saying,
    "Be saved from this perverse generation."
  41 Then those who gladly received his word were baptized;
    and that day about three thousand souls were added to them.


Titus 2:11-14
  11 For the grace of God that brings salvation has appeared to all men,
  12 teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, 
    we should live soberly, righteously, and godly in the present age,
  13 looking for the blessed hope and glorious appearing 
    of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ,
  14 who gave Himself for us, that He might redeem us 
    from every lawless deed 
    and purify for Himself His own special people, zealous for good works.


2 Corinthians 7:8-11
  8 For even if I made you sorry with my letter,
    I do not regret it; though I did regret it.
    For I perceive that the same epistle made you sorry,
    though only for a while.
  9 Now I rejoice, not that you were made sorry,
    but that your sorrow led to repentance.
    For you were made sorry in a godly manner,
    that you might suffer loss from us in nothing.
  10 For godly sorrow produces repentance 
    leading to salvation, not to be regretted;
    but the sorrow of the world produces death.
  11 For observe this very thing,
    that you sorrowed in a godly manner:
    What diligence it produced in you,
    what clearing of yourselves, 
    what indignation,
    what fear,
    what vehement desire,
    what zeal,
    what vindication!
    In all things you proved yourselves to be clear in this matter.

  12 Therefore, although I wrote to you,
    I did not do it for the sake of him who had done the wrong,
    nor for the sake of him who suffered wrong,
    but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear to you.


Acts 19:13-20
  13 Then some of the itinerant Jewish exorcists took it upon themselves
    to call the name of the LORD Jesus over those who had evil spirits, saying,
    "We exorcise you by the Jesus whom Paul preaches."
  14 Also there were seven sons of Sceva, a Jewish chief priest, who did so.
  15 And the evil spirit answered and said,
    "Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are you?"
  16 Then the man in whom the evil spirit was 
    leaped on them, overpowered them, and prevailed against them,
    so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded.
  17 This became known both to all Jews and Greeks dwelling in Ephesus;
    and fear fell on them all,
    and the name of the LORD Jesus was magnified.
  18 And many who had believed came confessing and telling their deeds.
  19 Also, many of those who had practiced magic 
    brought their books together and burned them in the sight of all.
    And they counted up the value of them, 
    and it totaled fifty thousand pieces of silver
  20 So the word of the LORD grew mightily and prevailed.
    

Ephesians 4:25-26
  25 Therefore, putting away lying, 
    "Let each one of you speak truth with his neighbor,"
    for we are members of one another.
  26 "Be angry, and do not sin":
    do not let the sun go down on your wrath,

  27 nor give place to the devil.

- 4:28
  28 Let him who stole steal no longer,
    but rather let him labor,
    working with his hands what is good,
    that he may have something to give him who has need.

- 4:29
  29 Let no corrupt word proceed out of your mouth,
    but what is good for necessary edification,
    that it may impart grace to the hearers.

  30 And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God, 
    by whom you were sealed for the day of redemption.
  31 Let all bitterness, wrath, anger, clamor, and evil speaking
    be put away from you, with all malice.
  32 And be kind to one another, tenderhearted, 
    forgiving one another,
    even as God in Christ forgave you.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Isaiah 53
1Who has believed our report?
And to whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed?
2For He shall grow up before Him as a tender plant,
And as a root out of dry ground.
He has no form or comeliness;
And when we see Him,
There is no beauty that we should desire Him.
3He is despised and rejected by men,
A Man of sorrows and acquainted with grief.
And we hid, as it were, our faces from Him;
He was despised, and we did not esteem Him.
4Surely He has borne our griefs
And carried our sorrows;
Yet we esteemed Him stricken,
Smitten by God, and afflicted.
5But He was wounded for our transgressions,
He was bruised for our iniquities;
The chastisement for our peace was upon Him,
And by His stripes we are healed.
6All we like sheep have gone astray;
We have turned, every one, to his own way;
And the Lord has laid on Him the iniquity of us all.
7He was oppressed and He was afflicted,
Yet He opened not His mouth;
He was led as a lamb to the slaughter,
And as a sheep before its shearers is silent,
So He opened not His mouth.
8He was taken from prison and from judgment,
And who will declare His generation?
For He was cut off from the land of the living;
For the transgressions of My people He was stricken.
9And they made His grave with the wicked—
But with the rich at His death,
Because He had done no violence,
Nor was any deceit in His mouth.
10Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise Him;
He has put Him to grief.
When You make His soul an offering for sin,
He shall see His seed, He shall prolong His days,
And the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in His hand.
11He shall see the labor of His soul, and be satisfied.
By His knowledge My righteous Servant shall justify many,
For He shall bear their iniquities.
12Therefore I will divide Him a portion with the great,
And He shall divide the spoil with the strong,
Because He poured out His soul unto death,
And He was numbered with the transgressors,
And He bore the sin of many,
And made intercession for the transgressors.
