1 Timothy 2:1-7
  1 Therefore I exhort first of all that 
    supplications, 
    prayers, 
    intercessions, 
    and giving thanks 
    be made for all men, 
  2 for kings and all who are in authority,
    that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and reverence.
  3 For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Savior,
  4 who desires all men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth.
  5 For there is one God and one Mediator between God and men,
    the Man Christ Jesus,
  6 who gave Himself a ransom for all,
    to be testified in due time,
  7 for which I was appointed a preacher and an apostle
    - I am speaking the truth in Christ and not lying -
    a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and truth.

  //NLT:
    I urge you, first of all, to pray for all people.
    Ask Good to help them;
    intercede on their behalf,
    and give thanks for them.
  2 Pray this way for kings and all who are in authority
    so that we can live peaceful and quiet lives
    marked by godliness and dignity.
  3 This is good and pleases God our Savior,
  4 who wants everyone to be saved and to understand the truth.
  5 For, There is one God 
    and one Mediator who can reconcile God and humanity
    - the man Christ Jesus
  6 He gave His life to purchase freedom for everyone.
  7 And I have been chosen as a preacher and apostle 
    to teach the Gentiles this message 
    about faith and truth.
    I'm not exaggerating - just telling the truth


1 Timothy 4:12-16
  12 Let no one despise your youth,
      but be an example to the belivers 
      in word, 
      in conduct, 
      in love, 
      in spirit, 
      in faith, 
      in purity.
  13 Till I come, give attenton 
      to reading, 
      to exhortation, 
      to doctrine.
  14 Do not neglect the gift that is in you, 
      which was given to you by prophecy with laying on of the hands of the eldership.
  15 Meditate on these things; 
      give yourself entirely to them,
      that your progress may be evident to all.
  16 Take heed to yourself and to the doctrine.
      Continue in them, for in doing this you will save both 
      yourself 
      and those who hear you.


2 Timothy 2:1-7
  1 You therefore, my son, 
    be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.
  2 And the things that you have heard from me among many witnesses,
    commit these to faithful men who will be able to teach others also.
  3 You therefore must endure hardship as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.
  4 No one engaged in warfare entangles himself with the affairs of this life,
    that he may please him who enlisted him as a soldier.
  5 And also if anyone competes in athletics,
    he is not crowned unless he competes according to the rules.
  6 The hardworking farmer must be first to partake of the crops.
  7 Consider what I say, 
    and may the LORD give you understanding in all things.


Matthew 28:18-20
  18 And Jesus came and spoke to them, saying
    << All authority has been given to Me 
      in heaven and on earth.
  19  Go therefore and make disciples of all the nations,
      baptizing them 
      in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,
  20  teaching them to observe all things that I have commanded you;
      and lo, I am with you always,
      even to the end of the age. Amen >>


Jeremiah 29:11-13
  11 For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, says the LORD,
    thoughts of peace and not of evil,
    to give you a future and a hope.
  12 Then you will listen to you.
  13 And you will seek Me and find Me,
    when you search for Me with all your heart.

  14 I will be found by you, says the LORD,
    and I will bring you back from your captivity;
    I will gather you from all the nations 
    and from all the places where I have driven you, says the LORD,
    and I will bring you to the place 
    from which I cause you to be carried away captive.

Acts 17:24-31
  24 "God, who made the world and everything in it,
    since He is LORD of heaven and earth,
    does not dwell in temples made with hands.
  25 Nor is He worshipped with men's hands,
    as though He needed anything,
    since He gives to all
    life,
    breath,
    and all things.
  26 And He has made from one blood 
    every nation of men to dwell on all the face of the earth,
    and has determined their preappointed times
    and the boundaries of their dwellings,
  27 so that they should seek the LORD,
    in the hope that they might grope for Him and find Him,
    though He is not far from each one of us;
  28 for in Him we live and move and have our being,
    as also some of your own poets have said,
    'For we are also His offspring.'
  29 Therefore, since we are the offspring of God,
    we ought not to think that the Divine Nature is 
    like gold or silver or stone,
    something shaped by art and man's devising.
  30 Truly, these images of ignorance God overlooked,
    but now commands all men everywhere 
    to repent,
  31 because He has appointed a day on which 
    He will judge the world in righteousness by the Man He has ordained.
    He has given assurance of this to all by raising Him from the dead."

